HOME (Page 1)
logo.jpg
season1.jpg
Set in 1876, when the richest gold strike in U.S. history drew a throng of restless misfits to an outlaw settlement in the Black Hills of South Dakota, Deadwood features a cast of surly inhabitants led by actors Timothy Olyphant and Ian McShane.

season3.jpg
During its three-season, 36-episode run on from 2004 to 2006, the Deadwood series was nominated for 28 Primetime Emmy Awards, winning eight, including Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series (Walter Hill), and also received a Golden Globe Award for Best Performer by an Actor in a Television Series: Drama (Ian McShane).


CAST (Page 2)
Al Swearengen
Played by Ian McShane
The proprietor of The Gem Saloon was six months ahead of everyone else in Deadwood, and he runs the town like a corrupt riverboat captain. He knows every move that every person in town makes, anticipates problems and eliminates them. His girls aren't exactly the class of the town, but he controls the most successful bar and brothel in all of Deadwood—bringing in $5,000 a day in 1876—and anybody that threatens his sources of income may well end up fed to Mr. Wu's pigs.
-swearengen.jpg

Seth Bullock
Played by Timothy Olyphant
A native of Ontario and the son of a stern British sergeant-major, Seth Bullock left home for good at the age of 16 and ended up in Montana during the silver strikes of the 1860s. A natural leader, he held a number of elected positions in his early 20s and was eventually appointed Sheriff of Montana Territory.

Having heard of the big strikes in the Black Hills, Bullock has made his way to Deadwood—not to prospect, but to open up a hardware franchise with his business partner and friend Sol Star. Veterans of frontier living, the two are undaunted by Deadwood’s lawless and dangerous nature. But Bullock has put law-enforcement behind him, and fully intends to make his way as a businessman.
-bullock.jpg

Alma Garret
Played by Molly Parker
Thirty and beautiful, Alma Garret married after the panic of 1873 to salvage her father's strained finances. Preferring a fool's errand to the circumstances of New York society, she came west with her husband, Brom, to prospect, a woolly situation she softened with liberal use of laudanum.
-garret.jpg


THE MOVIE (Page 3)
-movie.jpg
Continuing the story begun in David Milch’s critically acclaimed, Emmy-winning HBO series, the feature-length presentation is written by Milch, directed by Daniel Minahan and features original cast members from the series.

In the Deadwood film, the indelible characters of the series are reunited after ten years to celebrate South Dakota’s statehood. Former rivalries are reignited, alliances are tested and old wounds are reopened, as all are left to navigate the inevitable changes that modernity and time have wrought.

The Deadwood film is executive produced by David Milch, Carolyn Strauss, Daniel Minahan, Gregg Fienberg, Scott Stephens, Ian McShane and Timothy Olyphant; directed by Daniel Minahan; written by David Milch.


Source: https://www.hbo.com/deadwood